docs: EdgeCrafter LTDETR (#781)
lightly-ai/lightly-train: docs/source/pretrain_distill/models/edgecrafter.md

models with LightlyTrain for pretraining and distillation.

EdgeCrafter ECViT models are compact Vision Transformers designed for efficient dense
prediction. LightlyTrain supports ECViT backbones through the `edgecrafter` model
package.

```{note}
EdgeCrafter is released under the
[Apache 2.0 license](https://github.com/lightly-ai/lightly-train/blob/main/licences/EDGECRAFTER_LICENSE).
```

## Pretrain an EdgeCrafter Model

EdgeCrafter ECViT backbones can be pretrained with LightlyTrain. For example, you can
distill a compact ECViT backbone like this:

```python
import lightly_train

if __name__ == "__main__":
    lightly_train.pretrain(
        out="out/my_experiment",
        data="my_data_dir",
        model="edgecrafter/ecvitt",
        method="distillation",
    )
```

See [Distillation method](#methods-distillation) for more details on pretraining and its
configuration options.

```{note}
EdgeCrafter ECViT backbones currently support RGB images only. Multi-channel input is
not supported.
```

## Supported Models

The following ECViT backbone models are supported:

- `edgecrafter/ecvitt`
- `edgecrafter/ecvittplus`
- `edgecrafter/ecvits`
- `edgecrafter/ecvitsplus`

> For LTDETR fine-tuning and object detection examples, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For examples on how to fine-tune ECViT backbones inside LT-DETR for object detection, see
```

Reviewer: Optional

> (models-edgecrafter)=

Reviewer: This page should only describe distillation/pretraining of edgecrafter models, not fine-tuning. The fine-tuning should be in the object detection page.
